black and blue is an action thriller
about a rookie cop who inadvertently
captures the murder of a young drug
dealer on her body cam
after realizing that the murder was
committed by corrupt cops
she teams up with the one person from
her community who is willing to help her
as she tries to escape both the
criminals out for revenge
and the police who were desperate to
destroy the incriminating footage
in new orleans alicia west is out for a
jog when she's stopped by two cops
they harass her and thinks she is a
suspect they have been looking for
until they see that she is also an
officer one of the cops apologizes but
alicia is used to this type of treatment
by racist white cops
she continues her run and stops to visit
her mother's tomb
alicia begins her day at work with her
partner kevin jennings
they drive around kingston which was
alicia's old neighborhood before she
left to join the army
they pull over into a convenience store
that had been robbed the day before
and alicia talks to a young boy jamal
his mother missy
sends him away as she used to be friends
with alicia but hasn't taken kindly to
her having joined the police force
she is antagonized by a gang member
until he sees kevin and walks away
alicia is assigned to ride with veteran
officer deacon brown
they ride to an altercation at a
nightclub as alicia attempts to detain
one subject brown catches another
attempting to murder alicia
he grabs and pins him to the car before
pulling his own gun on him
alicia tries to defuse the situation
until brown shows her the suspect's gun
the next day brown takes alicia outside
a warehouse
but orders her to stay in the car she
gets out when she spots what appears to
be a drug deal
but the buyer runs away alicia then
hears a gunshot from inside the
warehouse
she goes in to find brown with narcotics
detectives terry malone and smitty
they are interrogating a young man named
zero and two other dealers
he pleads with malone and says that they
will silence any word of their
corruption but malone executes all three
men alicia witnesses the act and it is
caught on her body cam
the men spot her and brown tries to keep
things together before smitty shoots at
alicia and sends her crashing through
the floor
realizing her body cam will incriminate
them the men rushed to find her but
alicia has already run
injured from the gun shot the men see
that she dropped her gun
and is running around unarmed they
proceed to chase her through the streets
when she attempts to contact dispatch
malone tells the operator that alicia is
just a rookie who got
spooked during a drug bust alicia comes
across
officer doyle who appears to try and
help her but she overhears on the radio
from doyle's partner that they are
working with malone
so alicia runs away again alicia
continues to run until she makes it into
mouse's shop he finds her and attempts
to get her out by calling the cops
doyle harasses mouse and intimidates him
with his gun
doyle's partner runs his license and
sees mouse's priors
but he doesn't report it to doyle and
they let him go
mouse is visibly shaken up from the
encounter and he agrees to help alicia
alicia contacts kevin to help her get
out of there he picks her up and drives
away with her
after she explains her situation alicia
suggests bringing internal affairs in on
the case
kevin lets it slip that he knew malone
was the culprit which alerts alicia to
kevin's complicity in the other
officer's crimes
she fights him and gets out forcing her
to keep running
mouse takes her to his apartment to
shelter it's become known that zero was
the nephew of kingston cruise boss
darius tyrell
he talks to malone who is in league with
him and the dirty cop tells darius that
alicia went crazy and shot zero and his
friends before running away
darius spreads word that alicia killed
zero which even jamal sees
he goes into alicia's room with a gun
but she draws hers on him
mouse comes in to stop jamal and sees
what darry ascended
meanwhile brown and malone try to cover
their tracks with captain hackett
insisting they go after alicia
malone goes with smitty to the
convenience store to find security
footage of mouse helping alicia
miles tries to help alicia get out but
they are found by darius's goons
they kill two of them but knowing that
more are coming mouse gives alicia a
chance to get away while he gets
captured by the thugs
alicia records a testimony on her body
cam and leaves it somewhere safe before
entering the complex where darius lives
she is greeted with jeering and bottles
being thrown after entering the building
she is attacked by darius but alicia
quickly tells him about the body cam
after they find it darius's other nephew
uploads the footage to the computer
thereby giving everyone concrete proof
that malone killed zero
darius lets alicia and mouse go as he is
preparing to bring hell to malone
a team of officers is alerted to the
kingston area to recover alicia
which also lets malone brown and smitty
know exactly where to find her
once they get there malone kills brown
while smitty encounters alicia
and gets a bullet in his head darius
finds malone and confronts him for his
treachery
the two fight but malone shoots darius
dead mouse manages to sneak past
officers with a cops jacket and makes
his way to the station to upload the
body cam footage to the police's network
he is found by doyle and is held at
gunpoint but the footage uploads in time
and mouse disarms doyle and pistol whips
him meanwhile
alicia catches malone and tackles him
off a balcony onto a car
but a whole swat team has their guns
drawn on alicia when she holds hers on
the loan
she is ordered to stand down justice
hackett sees the murder video at the
station
she orders her men to stand down and
declares that alicia is innocent
malone then tries to kill alicia but he
is shot by kevin
malone and kevin are taken into custody
and alicia and missy reconcile with a
hug
sometime later malone is charged with
the murders alicia jogs again toward the
cemetery where she is met by mouse
she thanks him for saving her life but
he says
she saved him